DRIVERS-2922: Allow valid SRV hostnames with fewer than 3 parts (#1628)
mongodb/specifications: source/initial-dns-seedlist-discovery/tests/README.md

This directory contains platform-independent tests that drivers can use to prove their conformance to the Initial DNS
Seedlist Discovery spec.

### Prose Tests

When given a valid SRV with

1. Only one domain level (ex: `{localhost}`)

> 2. Only two domain levels (ex: `{mongo.local}`) Parse the connection string without throwing a parse related error.

Author: EOD, will be OOO for aug 26-30,  but note for self when I return: need to add testing for stricter parent match as well.

This directory contains platform-independent tests that drivers can use to prove their conformance to the Initial DNS
Seedlist Discovery spec.

> ### Prose Tests

Reviewer: The implication of the following prose tests are that drivers can stub their DNS results right? We should mention that here if so.

Author: Sounds good, just captured this.

> 1. When given the following valid SRVs, parse the connection string without throwing a parse related error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When given the following valid SRVs, parse the connection string

2. assert the driver does not throw a parse related error.
```

I think the steps should be clear about what to check for, "without throwing" is a bit ambiguous, should the author squash that error and move on? etc.

Author: Yep! I'm thinking I'll change it to talk about the pre DNS validation step not causing any errors. Messaged you on slack to align with this.

   a. Only one domain level (ex: `mongodb+srv://localhost`).

   b. Only two domain levels (ex: `mongodb+srv://mongo.local`).

> <br />

Reviewer: Do you need `<br />`? a blank line should do the trick in markdown

Author: A blank line doesn't show the distinction between the tests imo since there's blank lines between them, too. The `<br />` adds another line on top of the blank line. Happy to change it if you feel its clear either way.

Reviewer: Odd, let's just match formatting from other prose markdown files, I think putting html into markdown is generally undesirable and I don't see `<br />` used in other prose test files.

2. When given an SRV that does NOT end with the original SRV's `{domainname}`, throw a runtime error.

   For example, the SRV `mongodb+srv://blogs.mongodb.com` resolving to `blogs.evil.com` should prompt an error.

>    Run this test for the following test cases: SRVs with one, two, and three `.` separated parts.

Reviewer: This should probably be the start of the test, "for the following steps run them for each of these cases" followed by what should be checked for each, it implies the table structure we usually employ but more importantly helps the author deduplicate assertions and steps they have to perform

Author: Okay sounds good, changed the wording.

This directory contains platform-independent tests that drivers can use to prove their conformance to the Initial DNS
Seedlist Discovery spec.

## Prose Tests

For the following prose tests, it is assumed drivers are be able to stub DNS results to easily test invalid DNS
resolution results.

### 1. Allow SRVs with less than 3 `.` separated parts

For the following test, run each of these cases: SRVs with one and two `.` separated parts.

When running validation on an SRV string before DNS resolution, do not throw a error due to number of SRV parts.

> For example, `mongodb+srv://localhost` is a valid SRV string with one part/one domain level, and

Reviewer 2: This would mean... you could get back node1.localhost as a valid target, right?

`mongodb+srv://mongo.local` is a valid SRV string with two parts/two domain levels.

> ### 2. Throw when return address does not end with SRV domain

Author: Good test case, I'll add it in!

This directory contains platform-independent tests that drivers can use to prove their conformance to the Initial DNS
Seedlist Discovery spec.

## Prose Tests

For the following prose tests, it is assumed drivers are be able to stub DNS results to easily test invalid DNS
resolution results.

### 1. Allow SRVs with less than 3 `.` separated parts

> For the following test, run each of these cases: SRVs with one and two `.` separated parts.

Author: Followed up with you on Slack!
